# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

## [0.6.1] - 2025-09-25

### Changed

- Bumped cairo dependencies

## [0.6.0] - 2025-09-24

### Added

- Optional `enable_gas` field to `CairoExecutionInfo`

### Changed

- Split cairo-annotations with "cairo-lang" feature (off by default)

## [0.5.2] - 2025-09-02

### Changed

- Reverted `starknet-types-core` from `0.1.9` to `0.1.8` due to incompatibility issues with Starknet Foundry.

## [0.5.1] - 2025-08-14

### Added

- new optional `signature_len` and `events_summary` fields to `CallEntryPoint`

## [0.5.0] - 2025-08-04

### Added

- `MetaTxV0` to `DeprecatedSyscallSelector` (introduced in starknet 0.14.0)
- functions to enable adding and subtracting `ExecutionResources` and `VmExecutionResources`
- optional `calldata_len` field to `CallEntryPoint`

## [0.4.0] - 2025-06-18

### Added

- `SyscallCounter` to `ExecutionResources`

### Removed

- `FunctionName::from_sierra_statement_idx` as it was mixing concepts. `FunctionName` should represent a function name
  in
  annotations, while this method was creating a function name from a sierra program.
- functions related to adding, subtracting, and comparison of resources. Due to ambiguity in the meaning of these
  operations, they were removed. Use `ExecutionResources` directly for resource management.

### Changed

- `ClassHash`, `ContractAddress`, and `EntryPointSelector` underling type is now `starknet_types_core::felt::Felt`
  instead of `String` for more standardized handling of these types.

## [0.3.1] - 2025-03-04

### Added

- optional `gas_consumed` field in `ExecutionResources` struct, to allow tracking sierra gas

## [0.3.0] - 2025-02-25

### Added

- information to `CodeLocation` if it was generated by macro or not (introduced in scarb 2.11.0)
- `remove_virtual_file_markings` function to `SourceFileFullPath`

## [0.2.2] - 2025-02-20

### Added

- `KeccakRound` to `DeprecatedSyscallSelector` (introduced in starknet 0.13.4)

## [0.2.1] - 2024-11-27

### Added

- `GetClassHashAt` to `DeprecatedSyscallSelector` (introduced in starknet 0.13.3)

## [0.2.0] - 2024-11-22

### Added

- removed syscall_counter from ExecutionResources
- wrapped CallTraceV1 into Box for better performance
- implemented method `DeprecatedSyscallSelector::all()` for getting all possible libfuncs
- added traits for `DeprecatedSyscallSelector` to allow its conversion from/to a string
- added trait for `FunctionName` to allow its generation from sierra statement idx
